ginger hello again dust are you all
right I'll be fine just a lot to think
about
listen about gin yes what was he like he
was very kind almost to a fault really
I like him already yes he had that
effect on people I like to believe it's
what made you do all those wonderful
things for Aurora in my pot
Aurra was always testing me every time I
made a choice he would tell me if it was
the right one I was choosing whether to
fellow gin or Casius I believe they were
both trying to influence my actions and
you listen to Jen yeah he's kind of hard
to ignore he is isn't he
or at least he was no ginger I think you
were right the first time
I think Jean continues to live through
my actions he's guiding me and keeping
me on the right path but what of your
other half
kasia's murdered my family dust he
destroyed my village killed my friends
how can you control such a terrible
being I feel his presence every time I
swim the blade of ära
I believe the elder was right without
him I'd have been cut down long ago but
Jin Jin keeps him from taking control
as long as Casius lives within you
though there's always that danger
you could always be pulled to a path of
evil I won't lie and I felt him pulling
me to take the quick and easy path to
leave the weak to fend for themselves to
show no mercy to those in my way perhaps
someday you can be rid of his foul
presence maybe someday
for now I need him to defeat Gaius but
there's no other way I know
I'm glad we were able to talk dust me to
ginger
I'll be back before you know it be
careful ginger you really need to let
him go
I wish I could replace him I do but no
you're right I need to accept that Jen
made his own choice and it's led to this
to you I just wish I could remember more
sometimes I wonder if my thoughts are
Jin's or from Casius or if I truly ever
thank you for myself it sounds like you
still have a lot of questions about who
you are I suppose I do well I should
probably get going
I understand good luck dust stay safe
out there like the elders said I may
share your brother's soul but the
choices I make are mine alone
I'm sorry dust I didn't mean to suggest
no I'm sorry I can't imagine the grief
you went through when Zepplin thinking I
might have been her brother you do have
his eyes his face its
strange you could really be him I
suppose I could be I may not have his
memories but if his soul is guiding me
to act as he would maybe there isn't a
difference
yes dust your actions make you who you
are then perhaps your brother lives on
through mine I'd like to think so tests
it gives me hope that he didn't die in
vain I'm sorry things had to turn out
this way no you're right we all choose
our own paths
Ginn chose his and looking at you now
looking at the things you've done I
think he made the right choice I think
he did too ginger I'm glad we had this
talk dust it makes me feel a lot better
knowing that my brother is helping to
save this world come back soon
of course goodbye for now
I'm sorry ginger but I'm not it's ok
dust I know you aren't but knowing that
a piece of hem is guiding you to help so
many people and makes me happy I think
it had make mom and dad happy too I'm
glad we were able to talk ginger me too
does come back soon
of course good bye for now